now when Rehoboam came to jerusalem he
assembled from the house of Judah and
Benjamin 180,000 chosen men who were
warriors to fight against Israel that he
might restore the kingdom to
but the word of the Lord came to Shania
the man of God speak to Rehoboam the son
of Solomon king of Judah and to all
Israel in Judah and Benjamin saying thus
says the Lord you shall not go up or
fight against your brethren let every
man returned to his house for this thing
is from me
therefore they obey the words of the
Lord and turned back from attacking
Jeroboam so real a bone dwelt in
Jerusalem and built cities for defense
in Judah and he built Bethlehem eaten
Toccoa better Soho a dalam Gath Boresha
Ziff add a ram lakish ezekiah surah a
Jalan and Hebron which are in Judah and
Benjamin fortified cities and he
fortified the strongholds and put
captains in them and stores of food oil
and wine also in every city he put
shields and Spears and made them very
strong having Judah and Benjamin on his
side and from all their territories the
priests and the Levites who were in all
Israel took their stand with him for the
Levites left their common lands and
their possessions and came to Judah and
Jerusalem for Jeroboam and his sons had
rejected them from serving as priests to
the law then he appointed for himself
priests for the high places for the
demons and the calf idols which he had
made and after the Levites left those
from all the tribes of Israel such as
set their heart to seek the Lord God of
Israel came to Jerusalem to sacrifice to
the Lord God of their fathers
so they strengthen the kingdom of Judah
and made Rehoboam the son of Solomon
strong for three years because they
walked in the way of David and Solomon
for three years then Rehoboam took for
himself his wife Mae hella the daughter
of Jeremiah the son of David and of
Abigail the daughter of Alya the son of
Jesse and she bore him children G ish
Shama raya and zhehan after her he took
merica the granddaughter of Absalom and
she bore him Abijah a tie
Ziza and Shilla myth Maori la boum loved
merica the granddaughter of Absalom more
than all his wives and his concubines
for he took 18 wives and 60 concubines
and begat 28 sons and sixty daughters
and Rehoboam appointed a by jure the son
of maracas as chief to be leader among
his brothers for he intended to make him
King he dealt wisely and dispersed some
of his sons throughout all the
territories of Judah and Benjamin to
every fortified City and he gave them
provisions in abundance he also sought
many wives for them
[Music]